this is a Jaguar v12 engine that's a
five-point leader we built this for
Scott piss he for his XJ 13 replica Fram
haul from race car replicas and Fraser
Michigan is constructing this beautiful
automobile this engine started life as a
power plant for an 83 XJS with 80,000
miles Green removed everything off of
the engine that was unnecessary we
replace it all with a new operating
system using a major squirt mf3 probe
this system with provided by DIY auto
tune in Georgia using a crank trigger
and on the front we have a 70 amp
alternator that tucks nicely against the
block the cover on the timing cover is
to replace the water pump we have to
order outlets on it so water outlets
because we're using a reverse flow
cooling system where the coolant from
the bottom of the radiator is fed into
the cylinder heads
it was coolant into the warm as part of
the engine
Jaguar provided these ports above each
exhaust
although they failed to use the two
Center ones to actually flow the water
through this system provides a more
uniform cooling and using the cruellest
fluid into the hottest part of the
engine first and then out the block it
allows the engine to warm up faster but
maintain it cooling the fuel injection
system is our own design it's two-piece
manifolds this is a one-off prototype
for this engine for this one-off
prototype car our future intakes will be
similar but not exactly like this this
is a unique piece for this particular
application let's see the fuel logged
down the scent of the engine and the
individual injector is a fed by a nickel
copper line there's also a mechanical
pressure gauge in the valley on the rail
we have to Ford v6 coil packs commonly
found on Mustangs too far the eight two
plugs it seems to work well with the v12
you can also change the plugs in this
engine in about 15 minutes as there is
easy access to them something in a
Jaguar really needed in these engines
as the pair of is condemning racing cams
over ground for this and we did
considerable head work to get the
optimum amount of power out of the stock
porn stroke engine with the cams and the
induction the other jag v12 behind this
engine is going into a customer's
radical hot rod we use this as a test
mule to run the injection and try out
the ignition see of it all work before
putting it onto a brand new engine you
see the water inlet adaptors be made for
this so the head you can also see the
valley plate it was made to replace the
distributor
we tried to follow the theme that Jaguar
had in the 60s trying to make this look
simple using the same name of a horn
that's in stud that they used on our
early cars
we feel that we ended up with something
that looks simple with modern technology
and hair is the same elegant theme that
it had in the 60s the Jaipur was famous
for thank you for watching